Adding flow diagram (#5764)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicepulse/intro-failed-messages.md

* **StackTrace** - Full .NET exception stacktrace.
* **Headers** - Complete set of message headers.
* **Body** - Serialized message body.

> * **Flow diagram** - Displays a flow diagram of the conversation that the failed message is part of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Flow diagram** - Displays a flow diagram of the conversation that contains the failed message. Other failed messages in the conversation can also be seen and link to their respective details pages.
```
